Denver your first girls from Newcastle I
first premier league hat-trick for
yourself how was that today was
fantastic was fantastic us growing a
hattrick air in this condition on this
stage and is very fantastic you
teammates also in the ball for you as
well yes sure I'm very happy for that
and I mean the ball is going to be home
and the whole families but I look cut
again they're going to be happy because
they all came down from Barry stone
towards the game today sore I think
they'll be happy tonight it seems a very
happy team here at Newcastle all players
seem to get on as a very good atmosphere
among the team how important is that
been with a good start that Newcastle
have made this season I think very
important because when you play with
some guys and you understand good with
them it can only go be liquid on the
pitch and I mean when you look at the
the teammates we have I have when you
look at them all of them are nice and I
mean we're having some good time in
training ground that this club is known
for strikers and Shira Malcolm a dog and
the Carroll Michael Owen how where we
here when you came here of just how the
crowd here love people who score goals I
know I know they love people who scoring
goals and for me it was important to
come here and to score goals as workers
I'm striker striker wanna score goals
but apart from that i'm also a kind of
striker who like playing and having some
good performances it's not only all
about goals and that's what I'm I did
today I think and the last week it was a
good start as well because the beginning
of the season was not that good but i'm
just working in and keep improving every
every training in every week in front of
your third goal today was almost not
your girl was almost score badly on best
yeah and my past was for Leon best and
fortunately for me nobody touched it so
I got my ball I got my heart rate very
happy